excludemap START
excludemap HUB
excludemap HUB2

addmonster BloodDemonClone
addmonster HellstormArchon
addmonster Bormereth
addmonster HotDog
addmonster AracnorbQueen
addmonster Aracnorb
addmonster BabyCaco
addmonster Agathidemon
addmonster AgathiGuard
addmonster Poe
addmonster FakePoe1
addmonster FakePoe2
addmonster FakePoe3
addmonster FakePoe4
addmonster DarkBaron
addmonster Agathodemon
addmonster Cybruiser
addmonster Cybreiser
addmonster CrackoDemon
addmonster BruiserDemon
addmonster PyroDemon
addmonster ArchonOfHell
addmonster Disciple
addmonster Cyberbaron
addmonster Apprentice
addmonster ApprenticeofDsparil
addmonster Hellsmith1
addmonster RedDemon
addmonster HellsFury
addmonster Squire
addmonster BelphegorClone
addmonster ProfaneOne
addmonster Afrit
addmonster AfritGuard
addmonster BossBrain2